Clarify O3DE CLI examples (#1667)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/project-config/cli-reference.md

- **`-kr, --keep-restricted-in-template`**

>   If included, creates the restricted platforms in the template folder. If false, creates the restricted files in the restricted folder located at TEMPLATE_RESTRICTED_PATH. By default, this parameter is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If included, creates the restricted platforms in the template folder. By default, creates the restricted files in the restricted folder located at TEMPLATE_RESTRICTED_PATH.
```

- **`-kl, --keep-license-text`**

>   If included, keeps all of the lines of license text, starting at {BEGIN_LICENSE} and ending at {END_LICENSE}. If false, the license text isn't included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If included, keeps all of the lines of license text, starting at {BEGIN_LICENSE} and ending at {END_LICENSE}. By default, the license text isn't included.
```

>   If included, keeps all of the lines of license text, starting at {BEGIN_LICENSE} and ending at {END_LICENSE}. If false, the license text isn't included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If included, keeps all of the lines of license text, starting at {BEGIN_LICENSE} and ending at {END_LICENSE}. By default, the license text isn't included.
```
